Add Diagram (#108)
DevExpress/dotnet-eud: interface-elements-for-web/articles/diagram/create-a-new-chart.md

---
title: Create a New Chart
author: Svetlana Nikulina
---
# Create a New Chart
This topic explains how to create a new chart and customize its settings.

## Add a Shape

1. Drag a shape from the **Toolbox** onto the page.

1. Double click the shape to add/edit its text.

![Add a Shape](../../images/diagram-add-shape.gif)

## Connect Shapes

> 1. Add one more shape to the chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add another shape to the chart.

```

1. Hover a start shape to display its connection points. 

> 1. Hover a point, press the left mouse button and drag the connector to another shape's connection point. Release the mouse button. Now, if you move a shape, the connector will stretch to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Hover a point, press the left mouse button, and drag the connector to another shape's connection point, and release the mouse button. Now, if you move a shape, the connector stretches to it.

```
